The International Journal of Recent Technology and Engineering (IJRTE) has ISSN: 2277-3878 (online), which is an online, open access, peer reviewed, periodical bi-monthly international journal. This journal is published by Blue Eyes Intelligence Engineering and Sciences Publication (BEIESP) in the months of January, March, May, July, September and November.

The aim of the journal is to publish high quality peer–reviewed original articles in the area of Engineering and Technology that covers Computer Science & Engineering, Information Technology, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Electronics and Telecommunication, Mechanical Engineering, Civil Engineering and all interdisciplinary streams of Engineering and Technology. 

Author (s) can submit articles electronically round the year. The Editors reserve the right to reject articles without sending them out for review. Submitted articles should not have been previously published or be currently under consideration for publication elsewhere. Briefs and research notes are not published in this journal. Submitted articles must be within the scope of the journal. All articles go through a double-blind peer review process. 

After the final acceptance of the article, based upon the detailed review process and submission of required documents, the article will be published online immediately. However, the assignment of the article of specific issue (see archive) will be taken up by the editors later; and the authors will be intimated accordingly. For theme based special issues, time bound special calls for articles will be announced.
